# Syrency Mod - This is my first minecraft mod :)

created with fabric - Syrnecy means nothing it was generated by a machine learning algorithm

I just wanted to make a minecraft mod adding some stuff that I felt was missing from minecraft and stuff that would allow automation without adding any complicated extra mechanics to minecraft.

I used to call this "Mechanics Plus" but I didn't want to restrict this to just mechanics blocks so I renamed it. 

## Finished

### Breaker
Breaks blocks

### AutoCrafter
Crafts the recipe on redstone signal

### Placer
If block is placeable on the spot then the block/item gets placed otherwise it gets dropped like a dropper

### Fast Hopper
Hopper that pulls 4 blocks per tick instead of just 1

### Hupper (WIP)
Hopper that pulls from the block below

### Growth Detector
Observer type block that outputs a redstone signal power equal to how much the plant has grown. Does not work with vines, kelp, cacti, sugarcane, or bamboo because their age values were not really useful for what I wanted the behavior of this block to be. It works with all other crops though.

### Splitter (WIP)
Hopper/block that takes in stuff from top then divides set items out the sides and any other items so out the bottom

## Ideas

### ~~Filter~~
~~Hopper that only takes in stuff that matches the filter. can filter up to 5 items at a time if there are no item it doesn't take anything~~

The filter can be implemented using the splitter.

### Link Chest
A chest but it has an item slot that acts as a key and the contents of a link chest can be accessed from any other link chest with the same link item. It is sort of like the ender chest but with a code and I think there was another chest mod that did something similar but with a color code.

### Miner
Digs a 3x3 tunnel for 128 blocks. Powered like a furnace. I think I want this to work in any direction but I may have it only work downwards

### Mob Grinder
Some kind of block that automatically kills mobs and stores the xp and the items. Then when the player uses the block they get the xp

### Feeder
A block that feeds its contents to any mob that could consume it in a small area in front of the block.

### Sandwiches
Add sandwiches and more ingredients to make may sandwiches

### Propagator
A composter like block where you can put in a sapling or another plant type block and you put in some bonemeal or something and you can get two of the sapling out.
